Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What's wrong? You seem nervous.
Well, you never take the
bag off until we get inside,
and you took us a
different route this time.
I figure we can dispense
with the formalities.
You're not going back to the FBI, and...
12 hours from now, this'll all be over.
Shipment's ready.
Don't leave this room. I'll be right back.
Shepherd wants to see you.
Morning. Made you breakfast.
Good morning. What... what is the occasion?
Well, if my math is correct, I believe that
this is our "tenth time
sleeping over" anniversary,
which, as everyone knows,
is the Agay-Bonjan Breakfast anniversary.
Oh, yes, the traditional Agay...
- Bonjon.
- It's sort of my specialty.
- Mmm.
Just a little something I picked up
during my time with
Doctors Without Borders.
Humblebrag.
Why are you doing this?
I just... haven't felt this
happy in a very long time,
and to be honest, I never imagined
anything like this ever
happening to me again.
Me, neither.
And now that it has, I kind of want to
feed you fried eggs and tomatoes
and onions and mint forever.
You know what? If it makes you happy,
I can probably make myself available.
Good.
Well... You ready for this?
How would I know if I'm ready when
I still don't know what we're doing?
There's a problem in the armory.
Hold that thought. We'll
be back in five minutes.
Come on.
- See you later.
- Yep.
Has Jane come in yet?
No.
Come get me when she does.
Okay, this whole Weller/Nas thing...
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Speaking of no idea,
one of my buddies at the Nine-Six
mentioned something about the chief
suspect in the Jones murder disappearing.
Do you know anything about that?
Freddy was a troubled guy.
Battles with addiction and unemployment.
In my experience, it's not unusual
for people like that to just fade away.
Wait, Jane. Where are you right now?
I'm in Shepherd's office.
I just sent some
photos to Patterson.
Look, I think I can help
you find the compound.
Roman let me see the
grounds this time.
- Why would he do that?
- I don't know.
Maybe it's a play or maybe
he wanted me to see them,
but... he said I'm not
going back to the FBI.
Not ever.
Jane, listen to me.
There's a water tower in the distance.
He took a more direct route,
took less than an hour.
My head was still covered, but
I could hear a metal clanging.
A clang of what?
Like a... like a repetitive metal clanging.
And then later, I smelled
something kind of like, um...
Like what, Jane? Describe it.
Like pennies and cleaning products.
It looks like all of Sandstorm is here.
I think the attack is happening today.
Roman said that it will
all be over in 12 hours.
- If I don't make it back, I...
- You listen to me.
Your brother's right. This will be over.
We're gonna come and get you
before we shut down
Sandstorm for good.
Jane's at Sandstorm right now.
They're about to launch Phase Two.
- What?
- Go ahead, Jane.
We don't have much time. They
could be back any second.
Okay, I'm staring at a bunch of documents
- and they do not look good.
- Documents of what, Jane?
Uh, there's like, I don't
know, um, blueprints.
Looks like a satellite,
maybe, or some kind of bomb.
Did you just send me a bunch of photos?
Yes, yes. Did you get them?
This thing is taking
forever to send.
Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep.
There's also a map
with a lot of areas circled,
and there's a construction invoice
for a hell of a lot of explosives.
Okay, here we go.
Whoa, how old is this phone?
Wait. Hold on a second.
These aren't plans for making a bomb.
They're schematics for power transformers.
Those circled areas...
I recognize some of them.
They're transmission substations.
Oh, my God.
They're gonna blow up the power grid.
Hold on. The chip...
The one Jane had to
steal with Roman.
What if Sandstorm is using it
to override the transmission failsafes?
- Meaning?
- It would be like overriding
the circuit breakers in your
fuse box during a power surge.
Only instead of your house,
it's the tri-state area,
and instead of 240
volts, it's like 600,000.
The results would be catastrophic.
A surge this big could ripple
across the entire country,
start fires in thousands of buildings.
Before plunging us into
a permanent blackout.
Sandstorm is about to send
America back into the Dark Ages.
Sync and corrections by explosiveskull
www.addic7ed.com
Destroy the power grid.
Jane, what else can you tell us?
All right. How big is Sandstorm?
I have to go, I have to go.
I don't want to talk
to you about this again.
I said I'll take care of it.
What are you doing?
I'm sick of waiting
around. This was my plan.
Something's happening and I
have a right to know what it is.
You're right.
So, what did you find out?
You're going to bomb all the power grids.
Aren't you?
I should have read you in sooner.
I'm sorry it takes me so long
to trust people I love,
but today is about victory,
and I think it's only fitting
that we share that victory as a family.
Reade, Tasha, I want plainclothes units
at every transmission station on that map.
We can't count on stopping
this at the point of attack.
Sandstorm may be triggering this remotely.
We have to find their compound and
neutralize them before they initiate.
What have you found, Patterson?
The cell tower Jane's call bounced off
- gave me a ten-mile search radius.
- What about the other clues she gave us?
She said she heard something clanging.
Based on the travel time, I'm
betting it's this oil-fracking site.
Okay. And what about the pennies
and cleaning product smell?
Ever driven by a slaughterhouse?
Blood's got a lot of iron in it, and
cleaning it up takes a lot of ammonia.
So, there are two in the
area... here and here.
And one of them is near a water tower.
Exactly. What does this look like?
- It's a farm.
- Right.
Except that, according to deeds
and title records, this property is owned
by someone who doesn't exist.
And there's your water tower.
- We have to take it now.
- Agreed.
But we have to be smart
about it, all right?
Jane is still in there. I want
her back here in one piece.
And I want Shepherd taken
alive for a thorough debriefing.
Copy that.
I got something for you.
It's the same brand as the gum wrapper
you gave me at the orphanage
after I lost our coin.
I tracked it down. I thought
maybe we could try it together.
Thanks.
I, uh... I have something for you, too.
Feels like you should have it back now.
Thank you.
For what?
For trusting me.
Thanks for not letting me down.
Mmm. This gum tastes awful.
Really? Mine's not bad.
Maybe you just got a bad piece.
I'm sorry about this.
What's going on?
Uh, nothing. It's fine.
- It doesn't look fine.
- I can't... I can't really
- talk about it.
- Talk about it. Right.
I'll see you a little later, okay?
Okay. You all know your orders.
Keep the lines of communication open,
the crosstalk to a minimum.
Let's move.
Weller.
Kurt, it's Conor, Allie's boyfriend.
- _
- We haven't met, but, um...
Why are you calling me
from a hospital, Conor?
Sorry. My, uh... my... my phone died.
- What happened?
- Allie's been in a car accident.
It's not good.
She was asking for you before she...
They're doing what they can,
but I can't get a hold
of any of her family,
and she listed you as
her emergency contact.
As the... father of her child,
there are gonna be some
decisions that need to be made.
You need to get down here.
- Kurt?
- I'm coming.
What is it?
Allie's... uh, she's
been in a car accident.
- Oh, my God. Is the baby okay?
- I don't know.
Kurt, go. You gotta go.
We've got this, okay? I promise you.
Keep me in the loop.
Hello, Jane.
What is this? What are you doing?
The question is, what have you been doing?
Let me go. Roman!
Your brother can't help you now.
We know you've been lying to us,
that you've been working
for the FBI this whole time.
Are you insane? You sent me there.
I've been working for you. Roman, tell her!
Stop. You're only gonna make it worse.
I don't know what you
think you know, but...
We don't think anything.
You're not the only one
that can infiltrate the FBI.
Do you really think Oscar
was your only handler?
That we didn't ensure other
means of keeping tabs on you?
Your loyalties?
Your psychology?
I'd encourage you to share anything
that you can remember about Taylor.
It was right in front of you.
We just keep talking in circles.
You want me to tell you that it's
okay to walk away, but I won't do that.
This team's the closest
thing to family you've got.
I don't believe you.
It doesn't matter what you believe.
Dr. Borden is one of us.
_
What's so complicated?
She's hurt. I found her.
We have an obligation to treat her.
Look, I'm sorry. It's
just not as simple as that.
Another few hours, she'd have been dead.
- She was out there, alone.
- And that doesn't worry you?
Did you see the tattoo on her shoulder?
I know what a Navy SEAL tattoo looks like.
Right. Then, you know the
Navy SEALS have a code...
Leave no man behind.
So, why was this Navy SEAL left alone
to die in the middle of an Afghan forest?
We're just... we're treating a patient.
Or harboring a fugitive.
We have no idea who this woman is, Chris.
Now, we just helped build
a perfectly good hospital.
Why can't we turn her over to the proper...
We're not turning this woman over to anyone
until I hear what
happened to her, from her.
Look, I'm just worried about you, about us.
I have to help her.
No, I... I have to go.
It's not safe for you if I stay.
- Wait. Not safe how?
- What happened to you?
Is there someone we can call?
Don't call anyone. Just... I have to go.
She's burning up.
You will die on your
own. Do you understand me?
You're staying here until you're well.
Please. Please.
- Can we help you?
- Strategic Services Division.
- We need to come inside, ma'am.
- May I ask why?
There's been reports of an
insurgent hiding in the area.
My husband and I spend all day
cleaning up the mess you're
making of this country.
You can bloody well stay out of our house.
- You work at the hospital, correct?
- Yes, Doctors Without Borders.
All right. We need to see your passports.
Have you seen this woman, ma'am?
She's an American. She may
be posing as U.S. military.
How do we know you're not
posing as U.S. military?
Chris.
This is for your own protection, ma'am.
For our own protection?
Well, why don't you check the hospitals
and see all the families
who've been blinded
and burnt and lost limbs from the ordnance
being dropped on them
for their "protection"?
The insurgents are not the problem anymore.
Now, I think it's time for you to leave.
Listen, I want you to call
this number if you see anything.
Let's go.
They're gone.
Whew!
Come on, Granddad. You can do it.
You're not funny.
Oh, so I see my wife's gotten to you too.
Oh, and what's this?
In an unprecedented move...
Well, this is what I like
to call graduation day.
Graduation?
I'm not sure I like the sound of that.
I can't thank you and Chris enough
for everything that you've done for me,
but it's time for me to go.
Well, I don't suppose you can
tell us what happened to you, now?
Well, maybe one day.
Chris?
Chris.
- Chris!
- No. No!
Chris! Chris!
Look at me! There is nothing
you can do, and the drones
will be here in seconds to make sure of it!
We have to go back! She
could still be alive!
No! We go there, we're as dead as they are!
- They're here for you.
- You can hate me later,
but right now, we have to run, okay?
There is a place right across the border
that we can hide, but we have to go now!
Please! Come on!
Oh, no, I can't... I can't go any farther.
I need to rest, light a fire.
No, no. We can't do that. They'll spot it.
I need a minute. Just... just a minute.
All right.
Those were American planes.
And they... and they were
dropping American bombs
on a farming village and a
humanitarian aid hospital.
And my wife...
My wife...
Maybe this was a horrible mistake.
Or something is very, very wrong.
It wasn't a mistake.
I was part of an unsanctioned
black-ops unit called ORION.
I thought I was working for the good guys,
doing what was right, what
official channels couldn't.
But good and right were
never the objectives...
only money and power...
until someone decided we were a liability,
and I watched my entire team get murdered
by American drones.
The same ones that are doing
dead-checks in your village right now.
My country has lost its mind,
and something has to change.
But h-how?
If we can get back to
America, we can fight back,
set things right again.
But I don't understand.
We're just two people.
No. My family, they're already...
There is always something you can do.
But we have to keep moving
and we have to stand up.
When did you know that I
crossed to the other side?
Well, thanks to Dr. Borden,
we knew you sent part of the
microchip intel to Patterson
while you and Roman were
supposed to be stealing it.
But we had suspicions before that.
Your story...
that Cade killed Oscar for Marcos.
Uhh!
Markos was spelled with a "K," not a "C."
Cade knew that. You killed Oscar.
So, you knew from the beginning.
Oh, I wanted to kill you weeks ago.
But your brother insisted
he could turn you back.
Turns out he was wrong.
There's something that I want you to see.
Roman. Roman.
You can't let her do this.
You and I are blood,
and we have always
protected each other, always.
Think of what she's about to do,
the lives she's about to take.
I know you've been hurt. We all have.
But you know this is
wrong, so help me stop her.
Please.
I believed in you.
I fought for you.
And all I got back...
were lies and betrayal.
It's over...
"Jane."
You okay?
I've dedicated the past six
years to catching Sandstorm.
After today, everything changes.
For Jane, too.
It's one thing to agree
to take down your family.
It's another to watch your team
do it in front of your face,
especially if they don't go down easy.
One way or another,
none of us are gonna
be the same after this.
Allison Knight. Where is she?
Ma'am, Allison Knight... where is she?
All right, sir. Calm down.
Look, she was just brought in.
She was in a car accident.
She's pregnant.
We haven't received anyone by that name.
This is Grace Central Hospital, right?
- Yes, but we haven't had...
- Yeah. So, her boyfriend Conor.
- He just called me. Co...
- Who?
Allie's phone.
- Who's this?
- This is Conor.
- Conor, it's Kurt.
- Kurt?
- Where's Allie?
- Well, she's right here.
She hasn't been hurt?
No, Allie's fine. She's
just in the shower.
What's going on?
Patterson. Patterson.
Anyone's comms working?
Negative.
Sandstorm must be jamming the system,
keeping this place under wraps.
Then how did Jane get a call out?
Good question.
All right, how you want to play this?
Should we abort?
Look if we don't do this now,
we may never get another chance.
Reade and I will go west.
Zapata, take Beta team east.
And I want Jane, Roman, and
Shepherd alive. Let's go.
Weller, something's wrong.
I can't reach the team.
Neither can I. All right, they used
Allie as a decoy to lure me away.
We have to abort this mission.
You don't think Jane might have...
No, I don't! All right,
I'm on my way. Send backup.
Get through to the team and
make sure they stand down.
I thought you might be
missing your friends.
Let's see what they're doing, shall we?
What is this?
Did you really think we'd let you
call them if we didn't want you to?
Where's Weller?
We have something else planned for him.
Oh, I have to thank you for
playing your part so perfectly.
I mean, we couldn't have
done this without you.
Done what?
Phase Two isn't actually finished today,
but your team is.
And you're gonna watch.
No. No.
Hear me?
Patterson, is that you?
The scrambler is down.
Why would Sandstorm turn
their scrambler off now
and risk letting a signal out?
So they can get a signal in.
Get out! It's a trap! Move!
Go! Go, go, go!
No!
Reade?
Over here.
You okay?
No. My leg is pinned.
Well, try not to move it, okay?
It might be the only thing
stopping you from bleeding out.
I have no cell signal.
How are they gonna know we're down here?
We need to start making noise.
We're down too far. No
one can hear us from here.
If it's piercing through the surface,
maybe the sound will carry.
We've got to try.
Somebody help us!
Oh, God. There's been an explosion.
What is it?
The building's come down.
Major casualties.
Send Search and Rescue.
And where's my backup?
Dispatching.
Come to me! Come to me! Come to me.
Come on.
Walk to the side of that
car. Just keep going.
Walk away from this building.
Nas! Jane!
Reade!
Weller, please be careful.
The rubble could collapse.
There's a gas leak, Patterson.
Call the utilities company.
Get 'em to shut off the power and the gas.
Copy. That's gonna take a minute.
We haven't got it! All right?
These sparks could set
off another explosion.
Tasha. Tasha.
Hey, hey. Tasha. You okay?
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Yeah?
Nas warned us.
It's the only reason any of us got out.
Where are they? Do you remember?
Why? Why keep me alive?
Why not just kill me with my team?
Because Roman's going to kill you.
What?
I've lost one child already.
I see the hold your sister has on you.
You have to let that go.
We lost her to them because
we erased her memory.
- It's our fault this happened.
- But it still happened.
It's time to pick a side, Roman.
It's time to kill your rabbit.
Help!
Somebody help us!
- Help.
- This is hopeless.
I'm sorry, Reade. This...
I'm the reason that we're down here.
Oh, you really need to get over yourself.
I've been in this since the day
Jane crawled out of that bag.
We all have.
We're a team.
Teams live and die for each other,
like they're supposed to.
So, go on and get to
banging on that damn pipe.
I was actually starting to get used to it.
Help!
Roman...
Do it.
Don't do this. This isn't you.
That's not your sister, Roman.
I don't know who that is,
but it's time to say good-bye.
Now!
I've lost you both.
So be it.
Hyah!
Agh! Uhh!
No! No! Roman! She's using you!
Look at me. Look at me, Roman.
You kill me and you kill the only person
in this whole world who really loves you.
Roman, we have to go. Now!
Nas! Jane!
Reade!
Jane!
What? What is it?
Put your hand on this beam.
Feel that?
It's vibrating.
Someone's alive down there.
Over here!
We gotta get down to them!
Reade... Reade, you've got to stay awake.
Be sure you tell Zapata...
You can tell her yourself
when you get out, okay?
You stay with me. I'm gonna
get you out of here, okay?
I'm going down!
Help! Help! We're here!
Reade...
Reade. Reade!
Come on.
Help! We're here!
Weller! Hurry!
The gas could go off at any second!
You okay?
We're gonna get you out of here.
Here. Take this. All right?
This is the lever. Under there.
On three. One, two, three.
I've got to stop the bleeding.
Hang on, Reade.
Weller!
- Got him?
- Yeah.
Get ready to push.
One, two, three.
We've got to get them out of there.
Nas! Get back!
Nas!
I'm going back for her. Take him up!
Keep going! Uhh!
Nas. Come here. Nas!
Reade!
Reade?! It's okay.
All right.
You okay?
Wait.
Go first. I've got you.
Reade! Reade, don't do this to me!
Come on! It's gonna blow!
Go, go, go, go!
Come here! Come here! No!
No, no! Hey, hey! Hey... I've got you.
Thank you.
You've reached the voicemail
of Dr. Robert Borden.
I'm either with a patient
or away from my phone.
Please leave a detailed message.
Hey, where are you?
Uh, something...
something really bad has happened
and I could use someone
to talk to about it.
Um, call me back when you get this, okay?
She shot me.
Come on. We've got to
take care of that wound.
There you go.
I just shot my mother.
It's over.
I can't go back.
Roman, stay with me.
We have to get you to a hospital.
No. There's a safe house
nearby with medical supplies.
- I can make it.
- No.
They could find us there.
I'm not going to a hospital.
Either I die out here,
or it's a risk we have to take.
Reade, can you hear me?
Come on, Reade. Can you hear me?
Hey.
- Hey.
- Hmm?
Just... just hang in there, okay?
They're getting ready
to prep you for surgery.
You lost a lot of blood,
but you're gonna be fine.
I really love you, you know that?
There's something I have to tell you.
I didn't kill Jones.
- Reade, I know that.
- But I didn't save him, either.
- There's nothing you could have done.
- Yeah, there was.
What are you talking about?
I was down in that basement,
trying to work myself up...
to watch that damn tape.
Then I heard something upstairs,
so I went to check on it,
and I found him, lying on the floor...
- Help me.
- ...bleeding.
Please, call an ambulance.
He asked me for help,
and I just stood there,
letting him choke on his own blood,
watching him die.
The autopsy was right about the timeline...
and so were you.
I lied to you, and I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Hey, I tried calling you, like, ten ti...
What is that?
Uh, nothing. What's wrong?
My phone's been acting up.
You knew Jane from before.
I remembered something from my past.
She feels important.
I'm guessing, so did your wife?
What? What are you talking about?
Jane remembered a woman
with that exact, same ring.
Were you married?
Are you married?
I'm sorry, but you're not
making any sense right now.
You work for them, don't you?
Work for who? I don't
know who you expect me...
This whole thing was
a play for information.
- You used me.
- No. No, no, no, please.
They knew we were coming.
They knew everything!
Please, you have to believe me. I...
FBI.
You're under arrest.
Whoever you are.
This isn't what I wanted.
Yeah. I'll bet.
I don't want to hurt you!
It's a little late for that!
You're actually pretty well stocked here.
This used to be our main medical facility.
This is where you were tattooed,
where we erased your memory.
Look, even if I can patch you up here,
I can't just leave you
out here by yourself.
Shepherd wants both of us dead now,
and the FBI, they...
- they can protect you.
- No.
I'd rather die than
turn myself over to them.
Well, out here alone,
against Sandstorm's army, you will die.
"Sandstorm."
Is that what you call us?
You're more than just the
killer Shepherd made you.
We shared the same awful childhood...
the same awful mother.
We've both done awful things, but...
I've changed.
I'm not that person anymore,
and I know that you can change, too.
Save your breath.
I should have pulled the trigger
on you when I had the chance.
If you're smart,
you'll get as far away from me as possible.
No... I'll never leave you.
You're my brother.
And we're the same.
I know that.
There's only one difference between us.
When you injected me with that drug,
when I lost all of my memories,
I got the chance to start over again...
and now, you will too.
Roman!
Whoa, whoa. Please, don't shoot.
Now, let me explain everything.
I never meant to...
Sync and corrections by explosiveskull
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org